You're going to Tallinn.
UDC is going to be there.
I'm announcing River
in four days
and it will be released
on the 28th.
WINTHROP: Where is he now?
He should be in Tallinn.
You need to find him
and stay with him.
JACKAL:
Distance to the target
is 75 meters.
What are the obstacles?
JACKAL: A metal detector
and an ultra-sensitive scanner
but I've got an idea for that.
That's very clever.
The glass is bullet-resistant.
It will stop five rounds
from a 7.62mm rifle.
NORMAN:
That is a fucking work of art.
[WHIRRING]
Can you call them please?
I do not want her here, Paul.
I'm trying to talk
to my husband and my child!
You have good man face.
NURIA:
Why do you need this disguise?
JACKAL:
There are people
looking for me.
[***]
[DOORBELL BUZZES]
Could I see some ID, please?
Hi, is this Rasmus?
I just wondered
if you wanted to grab a drink?
What sort of vibe
would you say I have?
RASMUS:
Kind of serious.
Also a bit dangerous.
♪ Some flowers
Never get to bloom ♪
♪ And see the day ♪
♪ Some flowers ♪
♪ Are content
To wish their lives away ♪
♪ Some may rise ♪
♪ And some may fall ♪
♪ But only you may ♪
♪ Ever see me true ♪
♪ So only you can tell that ♪
♪ This is who I am ♪
♪ No lie, no lies ♪
[***]
So two British
Intelligence officers
arrived here last night
from Budapest.
Male, mid-30s, white,
about 5'10", brown hair.
Female about the same age,
Black, first name, Bianca.
I was wondering
if your people
might be able
to do something about them?
Wait, are you asking me
for my help?
Sure.
On it.
Rodin's arriving on Friday.
They're gonna ask me
if you're confident
it can be done.
Well, you can tell them
whatever they wanna hear.
Well, I'm also asking
for myself.
So, what would you
like me to tell you?
That you'll deliver.
[SCOFFS]
I'm on your side.
I was hoping that
would be clear by now.
I was hoping this could be
even more of a collaboration.
I don't collaborate.
You won't hear from me
until after it's done.
And I expect to be paid
promptly.
ZINA:
It's me.
Yeah, I need some
priority assistance on site.
Sure, I'll have the details
sent to you right away.
We've set you up in
the Cultural Attaché's office.
Good morning.
Welcome to Operation Anubis.
Someone's pulled
their finger out.
The Foreign Secretary isn't
a particularly generous man.
But he's personally very miffed
about The Jackal killing
his friend, Manfred.
Did we get any matches
from his DNA and prints?
Nothing.
This guy's a fucking ghost.
Oskar Ilves
of the Estonian Internal
Security Service is our liaison.
His team
is going through hotels,
hostels, Airbnb's
and private rentals.
They're also asking
for a likeness,
so I want you to meet Cole.
Cole is going to help you
put a face to The Jackal.
BIANCA:
Wider.
It's a bit more--
Yeah, just like that.
Yep. Like that.
Don't do anything else.
Right, okay.
What do you think?
Vince, you saw him right?
For a split second.
Well, what do you think?
Uh... Yeah. Yeah, could be him.
Osi, this is the best
it's gonna get it.
Okay.
We'll share it with Oskar Ilves
and the Estonians.
Thank you, Cole.
[DRONE WHIRRING]
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
[***]
KEITH:
Sir, I've just heard
a British team
tracked the assassin
to Hungary.
Unfortunately, he got away.
He's resourceful and dangerous.
You cannot go to Tallinn.
Do the launch from here.
If I hide away,
River's enemies win.
We've been planning this
for a year.
The guests have been invited,
1000 of them.
Ordinary people,
all randomly selected.
They have no idea where they're
going till they get there,
and they've all signed NDAs.
People talk.
If we cancel now,
UDC looks ridiculous.
Better ridiculous than dead.
Debatable.
[GROANS]
[DOOR OPENS]
Morning.
RASMUS: Morning.
There you are.
[CHUCKLES]
Sorry, I had something early
and I didn't wanna wake you.
RASMUS:
What's that?
Oh, I managed to get my hands
on these plans
for the Konsterdisaal.
It's pretty astonishing what
these guys managed to achieved.
Yeah, I thought last night
was pretty great too.
You've got a very nice smile,
Rasmus.
Wow. Thank you.
No, you sort of
radiate kindness.
Wow.
No, that's a good thing.
You can't have
too much kindness these days.
Uh...
If you're trying to compete,
I should let you know
that nothing turns me on
like a blueprint, so...
Show me the hot bits.
[LAUGHS]
You wanna know?
Yeah.
Yeah?
So that bit there...
MARISA [IN SPANISH]:
NURIA [IN SPANISH]:
MARISA:
NURIA:
[SIGHS SOFTLY]
And how could you tell?
Uh, probably by getting up there
and having a look.
But this isn't even trying
to explain it, so...
Well, I could take you.
Have a look.
Really?
Mm-hm.
It would have to be
this afternoon though.
There's a concert tonight.
They're shutting
the whole place down.
Like total lockdown.
What's that about?
I don't know. They just told us
that after tonight,
no one's getting in or out
without special permission.
They've got me leaving
this evening now,
so I could do this afternoon,
if that works?
Would you make it
worth my while?
[***]
ÁLVARO [IN SPANISH]:
NURIA:
MARISA:
[EXCLAIMS]
[SCOFFS]
ÁLVARO:
MARISA:
Go ahead.
Sure.
MARISA:
[NURIA SCOFFS]
[***]
Everything okay?
Yeah.
We're all good.
[DRAWER CLOSES]
RASMUS [IN ESTONIAN]:
Hey, Rasmus.
[IN ENGLISH]
Fuck, I'm glad
I'm not working tonight.
Imagine having to sit through
three hours of classical piano?
Imagine.
So, um...
I'll just wait for you.
Use this to get back in here.
Knock yourself out.
[CHUCKLES]
[***]
[SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
JACKAL:
Rasmus?
[IN ESTONIAN]
One moment.
RASMUS:
Hey, how was that?
You have no idea
what that was.
That was, uh...
That was
pretty extraordinary.
[CHUCKLING]
What?
No, you're just
so happy about it.
It's hilarious.
That for me, that was--
That was a big thing.
Right.
Thank you.
No problem.
Do you wanna
grab some food?
I'd love that but I've got
a ton of things I've gotta do
before I fly, so...
But I'll see you when I
come and pick up my stuff?
Sure.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah? Yeah.
[***]
OSI:
I've established
a line of communication
with Keith Canvey,
UDC's head of security.
I've sent him
the facial composite.
But basically, he won't share
anything with us.
He's not even admitting
UDC's coming to Tallinn.
I have Oskar Ilves for you, Osi.
Put him on speaker.
Oskar, hi. It's Osi.
OSKAR:
Hi, we have a police officer
who recognizes
the facial composite.
She talked to the guy
last night at an Airbnb.
British. Name of Peter Gibson.
I'm on my way
to the location now.
Oskar, I'm sending you
one of our teams.
Siobhan, get them transport
and armed escort.
SIOBHAN:
Your escort
is Richard and Phil.
They'll meet you
at the front in five.
[***]
I've got the Airbnb location.
No! Down, down!
On me. Now!
He aimed straight at you.
That was a fucking hit.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Do you need to come inside?
No, no. We need to go.
We need to go.
OSI:
Go. I'll deal with the police.
Hey. Hey, hey.
Be careful, yeah?
VINCE:
You okay?
He didn't miss by much.
Yeah. Idiot.
Oskar Ilves,
Internal Security.
Do you know
if our guy's in there?
We don't. But he was
definitely there last night.
We've covered all the exits.
Okay.
[***]
OSKAR:
Internal Security.
Open the door!
Go!
[ALL SHOUTING IN ESTONIAN]
OFFICER [IN ESTONIAN]: Clear!
Oh, shit.
You okay?
Uh, yeah,
I had some dodgy sushi.
Hoping these are gonna
bung me up before the flight.
Too much information.
[CHUCKLES]
Mm-hm.
Right.
It's been fun.
It's been more than fun.
You got a good man's face,
Rasmus.
[CHUCKLES]
What does that mean?
This kindness just seems
to come off you naturally.
I guess I'm just
a happy person.
[***]
NEWSCASTER [OVER COMPUTER]:
Both UDC and DagHaus
have remained tight-lipped
with regards to the upcoming
announcement of River.
The venues in Dublin,
Dubai and Kuala Lumpur
have all been rumored
as possible locations.
UDC has created quite a stir
already with hints
to what his latest invention,
River, can do.
REPORTER:
UDC, bless his
pointy little head,
hasn't got the memo
that class hatred
makes no more sense now,
just when the world
needs to pull together,
than it ever did.
[TV CLICKS]
WOJACK:
It didn't happen.
In Tallinn,
it was a couple of Russians.
They botched it.
WINTHROP:
Years after communism,
Russians are still drunk,
lazy, inept, corrupt peasants.
National characteristics
always outlive regime change.
It was very
short notice, Tim.
WINTHROP:
Do you know when the Romans
could no longer find enough
Romans to run their empire,
greatest empire
the world has ever known,
they started hiring foreigners.
The rest is history.
Decline and fall.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
No foreigners.
Hm.
You tell Leonora,
we like Coughlin's
class hatred line.
Hm.
OSKAR:
This is Officer Kohver.
She's sure she saw your man
last night.
We were responding
to a burglary in the building.
We spoke to a number
of tenants on this floor.
And one man,
there was something about him,
and he looked a lot like this.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
Evening.
Could I see your bag, sir?
That's probably the boot.
Yeah.
Thank you, that's fine.
Thank you.
KOHVER:
He had a British passport
in the name of Peter Gibson.
How did Gibson pay?
KOHVER: Credit card.
We're checking to see
if the card has been used.
I'll also get forensic team
in for prints and DNA.
Hopefully we can match results
to what we found in Hungary.
BIANCA:
And get Officer Kohver
in with the artist.
See if we can get
a better likeness.
Uh-- These please.
And I'll get four of them nuts.
And four of these
chocolate bars.
How much will that be?
Thirty euros, please.
Thirty?
Thirty euros, Christ.
[ANNOUNCEMENT OVER PA]
Thank you.
ANNOUNCER [OVER PA]:
Ladies and gentlemen.
Please take your seats.
The concert is about to begin.
[PIANIST PLAYING
CLASSICAL MUSIC]
[APPLAUSE]
[***]
[PIANIST PLAYING
CLASSICAL MUSIC]
[APPLAUSE]
[GUNFIRE]
[FLIES BUZZING]
[GASPS]
[***]
NURIA:
All good?
JACKAL:
Yeah. Good. Thank you.
NURIA [IN SPANISH]:
Alberto, two glasses of wine.
VINCE:
So they're Russian?
The Estonians
are convinced they are.
Have a look at this.
Yeah, someone is going out
of their way to try and kill me.
Okay, we get it,
you're a big deal.
OSI:
Okay, we've updated
the facial composite.
Ilves is distributing this
to every cop in Estonia,
as well as airports,
ports, railway stations,
car rental offices,
and the venue.
What do you think?
Well, The Jackal never looks
the same way twice, does he?
OSI:
Ilves says Peter Gibson hasn't
used his credit card in Tallinn
since he paid for the Airbnb.
[FOOTSTEPS OVERHEAD]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[IN ESTONIAN]
Yep.
Sure.
Let's see what he's had
for breakfast.
SOFIA:
The old system
was perfectly good.
CHRIS:
But it couldn't do this.
Keith?
Bianca Pullman.
Vince Pyne.
We work for Osi Halcrow.
All right. Uh--
Meet our guy.
How accurate is this?
A local policewoman
had eyes on him,
as close as I am to you,
for a minute or two.
Okay.
It's gonna be very helpful.
Yeah. Uh...
There's also this.
Who am I looking at?
The Jackal
in one of his disguises.
Seriously?
Maybe not so helpful, eh?
How do I look?
I want everyone gone
by 1800 hours.
From 1800, the entire building
is locked down.
No one gets in or out without
my personal authorization.
KEITH:
We'll keep these
upper levels empty
with just armed guards up here
covering the audience.
Keith, I've got a present
for your dogs.
The Jackal left this behind.
Hm.
It could have his scent on it.
[***]
UDC will arrive
in the green room
20 minutes
before the presentation.
It's sterile.
When the lights go off, Rima
will make a short introduction.
And UDC will
make his announcement
behind that
bulletproof glass.
The entire media crew's
under DagHaus direction.
They have the exclusive feed
going to all the networks.
[BREATHES SHAKILY]
NURIA:
Is this worth it?
Always alone, Mr. Calthrop.
JACKAL:
Always.
To eat alone is sad.
Yeah, it is pretty sad.
[SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
Now what does that mean?
We say in Spain, "better alone
than in bad company."
[IN SPANISH] Don't you think?
Yeah.
There you go.
[CHUCKLES]
Look at this card.
This card is worthless.
Look at the card
they're trying to use.
Fucking hell.
ALBERTO: Hey, Charlie.
JACKAL: Evening, Alberto.
Evening.
[IN SPANISH]
Good evening, Mr. Calthrop.
Please, will you
call me Charles?
[WITH ACCENT]
Charles.
[CHUCKLES]
Good, that was perfect.
Oh, thank you.
Um...
I get your table ready.
No, it's not--
Actually, I was...
I was wondering.
Do you ever get a night off?
Yes. I'm not a slave.
[CHUCKLES]
Well I-- If--
When you get a night off,
I was wondering
if I could persuade you
to go to dinner with me?
Yes. Of course.
[BELL TOLLING]
[***]
[REPORTER 1 SPEAKING IN GERMAN]
[REPORTER 2 SPEAKING IN ARABIC]
REPORTER 3 [IN ENGLISH]:
Speculation's at fever
pitch here in Estonia,
where a massive security
operation is already underway
at the world renowned
Tallinna Kontserdisaal.
REPORTER 4:
At last an answer
to the questions
that have been on
everyone's lips for months,
what exactly is River,
and how will it
change the world?
Markets and trading floors
across the world in chaos.
One source said, "It's like
we're preparing
for judgment day."
REPORTER 3:
Only time will tell.
Chris.
I want one last sweep
of the entire building.
Thank you, ma'am.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[EXHALES]
[PRESS CLAMORING]
Ah, Rima Buttons.
Hi.
BIANCA:
God, Jasmine loves this woman.
Yeah? Ask her for a selfie.
Oh, I'm not doing that.
I'm Rima.
Hello, it's so good to meet you.
Come. Come this way.
I'll take you to the green room.
Plane just landed.
UDC is ten minutes away.
Guess that means
he's not canceling then.
He won't be
turning back now.
[***]
[SIREN WAILS]
KEITH:
Remember to stay close
to the glass, sir.
Oh, my God, there he is.
Rima! Hey! How are you?
Oh, I'm good.
Thank you for doing this.
Are you kidding?
It's an honor.
If only River would show me
how my ex is spending
the $40,000 a month
I pay him in alimony,
that motherfucker.
Sorry. I'm bitching
about my ex, and you...
you're saving the world.
Thank you.
[ZBIGNIEW PREISNER'S
"SONG FOR THE UNIFICATION
OF EUROPE" PLAYING]
Here we go.
Thank you.
Stay close
to the glass.
ANNOUCER:
Ladies and gentlemen.
Please welcome your host
for this evening.
The activist, satirist
and provocateur, Rima Buttons.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING
AND APPLAUDING]
Rima! Hey!
Am I looking at the luckiest
people on the planet, or what?
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
Not only the most intelligent,
the best dressed
and possibly even
the best looking.
But definitely the luckiest.
Because you are
witnessing history.
Right here. Right now!
[APPLAUSE]
[***]
I'll let you in
on a little secret.
The world as we know it
is doomed.
Yep.
Apparently we're doomed.
[CHUCKLES] I heard.
RIMA: Yeah, I know.
The warm-up act
is supposed to warm you up.
Not scare the shit out of you.
But come on, I flattered you.
She's so cool.
We need to have a serious talk.
I mean you, and--
I mean the millions of people
watching this on their phones
and TVs around the world.
Some of us...
No most of us,
have loads of stuff.
Well, we're not exactly
lining up
at the soup kitchens, are we?
Don't be embarrassed about it.
But just because we have stuff,
doesn't mean we're not fucked.
[MAN GRUNTS, CHOKING]
RIMA:
We're in denial.
We keep pretending nothing bad
is happening when we know it is.
Come on, repeat after me.
We're fucked.
AUDIENCE:
We have to change
and we know it.
And that change
has to start with money
because money equals power.
And when has power
ever wanted change?
Change is like kryptonite
for people with power.
They go all...
[GROANING DISGUSTEDLY]
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
Who is this?
She's nobody.
A hundred years ago,
women said give us the vote.
Power went, no, that would be
the end of the world.
Feed the poor.
No, you can't do that,
the poor will always
be with us.
Power won't give up.
It will never surrender.
It has to be forced.
And here is the man to do it.
Ladies, gentlemen,
and all of you in between.
I give you, Ulle...
Dag Charles.
Whoo!
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
[***]
[CHEERING]
Yeah! Yeah!
That is like the main stage
at Glastonbury.
[CHUCKLES]
Mmm!
Stop it.
They said we'd never make it
but we're here!
Tallinn!
The time is now!
Whoo!
Friends, thank you
for joining me here tonight.
I know you've all come
a long way.
I'm gonna ask you now
to come even further.
I want you...
to come on a journey with me.
I'll come.
UDC:
I won't lie to you.
The journey will not be
an easy one to make.
For some, it will involve
giving up stuff, like Rima said.
But it has to be done.
It has to be done.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
The rich have become so rich.
He's nauseating.
The powerful
have become so powerful.
The corrupt
have become so corrupt.
The rich, corrupt,
and powerful...
have taken away
what belongs to the many...
and hidden it...
where only a few can find it.
And River...
is gonna lead you
to where it is,
so you can come
and take back what's yours!
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
Fuck you, you tyrant!
JACKAL:
Come on.
There were two shooters.
He's in here somewhere.
Lock all the exits.
Let's go.
Okay.
[AUDIENCE CLAMORING]
WOJACK:
What the fuck was that?
What the fuck just happened?
Is the motherfucker dead?
Okay, give me the remote.
OLLIE: No.
Give me the remote.
No.
Give me the fucking remote.
[TV CLICKS]
GUARD [IN ESTONIAN]:
VINCE:
Close the doors!
Close the fucking doors!
Here!
Close the doors!
[IN ENGLISH]
No, we won't
close the doors.
GUARD [IN ESTONIAN]:
Please follow the exit signs!
Use both doors!
RASMUS:
Peter?
Hey! Peter? Is that you?
Hey!
Peter?
Hi.
Hey.
I thought you left.
[GAGS, GASPING]
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
[ANDRE BRATTEN
& SUSANNE SUNDFØR'S
"CASCADE OF EVENTS" PLAYING]
♪ If only ♪
♪ If only it was easy ♪
["CASCADE OF EVENTS"
CONTINUES PLAYING]